https://codepen.io/AissataBahWeb45/pen/NWpXVyb

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
     a descriptive tag that gives markup meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        language that a browser reads. purpose is to create structure of a site.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        special words used inside opening tag to control an element's behavior. put it always inside opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        defines the most important heading and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        anchor tag and img tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        metadata
    7. What is an id? 
        it's purpose is to link within the site and each id can only be used once.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        a website link or any element that another element will link to.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class? 
        names a tag more specifically to style in CSS
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank":
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        describe the image incase image cannot be seen
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a div is a container used for styling in css. section is a semantic html that just breaks stuff into groups in html but can also be used for styling.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        styling of a site
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class can be used infinitely and its for grouping stuff you want to style similarly together. ID is for linking. class can be used to style multiple sections in a div and id can be used to link back to an about section.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class-name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        all elements that are nested inside of another element. the child nests inside the parent. helpful when selecting all sections in a div element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of a selected element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        line-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm filename.txt must be careful because you have no prompt to comfirm if you are sure you want to proceed and will lose everything in that folder
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to keep order within a team working on the same project
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name, git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork
        clone
        copy link
        cd desktop
        cd web45LambdaProjects
        git clone url copied
        cd name of the copied file
        git checkout -b branch-name
        git add .
        git commit -m "message about changes made"
        git push -u origin branch-name


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        block level element takes up entire width of page
        in line element only takes up space it needs
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        no longer exists in the normal document layout flow. Instead, it sits on its own layer separate from everything else

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        0 margin and 0 padding
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        div, section,address
        br, button
        img

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        box model is a container that houses the border margin padding and content. 
        border-sizing: border-box;